Adding How-To Guides (#3069)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/participate/track-issue.adoc

---
layout: project
title: Issue Tracking
section: participate
tags:
  - developer
  - testing
  - contributing
---

NOTE: This page is under development, there will be more content added soon.
See the jira:WEBSITE-662[] EPIC for tasks related to this page, contributions are welcome!

== How-To Track an Issue

The Jenkins JIRA is not a support site. If you need assistance or have

> general questions, visit us https://jenkins.io/chat/[in chat], or email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
general questions, visit us link:/chat/[in chat], or email
```

> one of the http://jenkins-ci.org/content/mailing-lists[mailing lists].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
one of the link:/mailing-lists[mailing lists].
```

Duplicate issues should only be reopened when you have determined that
they are not actually a duplicate of the linked issue, and for no other
reason.

Issues may be found to be *Won't Fix* or *Not a Defect* for various
reasons, e.g. when a developer determines that the issue isn't actually
a problem with Jenkins.

Issues may be resolved as *Cannot Reproduce* when the developer is
unable to reproduce the issue as described, e.g. because it may have
been resolved since it was reported, or it is believed the issue is not
with Jenkins.

Issues resolved as *Incomplete* do not provide a sufficient description
of the problem.

[[IssueTracking-Issuesrequiringachange]]
=== Issues requiring a change

When a developer decides to work on such an issue, the *Assignee* field
is changed to that developer. It may be set to *In progress* while it's
being worked on.

When a fix has been integrated, the issue is usually marked *Resolved*
(using the resolution *Fixed*), and sometimes marked *Closed* after the
fix has been verified.

[[IssueTracking-QuickLinks]]
== Quick Links

If you want to link to a Jenkins bug with a short URL, use e.g.:

> http://jenkins-ci.org/issue/1234 instead of

Reviewer: Prefer https on all references to Jira repository.
```suggestion
https://jenkins-ci.org/issue/1234 instead of
```
